AWS GovCloud (#1050)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/01-public-cloud/01-aws.md

4. In the cloud account creation wizard give the following information:

>    * **Account Name:** Custom name for the Cloud Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Account Name:** Custom name for the cloud account.

```

   * **Description:** Optional description for the cloud account.
   * **Partition:** Choose **AWS** from the drop down-menu.
   * **Credentials:**
       * AWS Access key
       * AWS Secret access key

> 5. Click **Validate** button to validate the credentials, once the credentials are validated, a toggle button appears as `Add IAM Policies`, once the option is toggled, a `dropdown appears` listing all the policies attached in the AWS console. User can make the choice of policies from the dropdown and attach it to the cloud account being created.

Reviewer: step 5 is a series of run-on sentences that need to be broken up. Some of these should probably be separate steps. (suggestion above)

Correct form is: drop-down menu.

</Tabs.TabPane>
</Tabs>

> ## Create AWS US Gov Cloud Account

Reviewer 2: @resmaa this is a how to so we need to follow the How-to [layout guide](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DE/pages/1774944263/How-to+Layout). This means we need to add prerequisites, the enablement steps, and a validation section.

>  To deploy the AWS US Gov Clusters in the Palette Platform, having the AWS US Gov Cloud Account registered to the Palette Platform is a significant prerequisite. This section guides you on creating an AWS US Gov cloud account in the Palette console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Palette supports integration with [AWS GovCloud (US)](https://aws.amazon.com/govcloud-us/?whats-new-ess.sort-by=item.additionalFields.postDateTime&whats-new-ess.sort-order=desc). Using Palette you can deploy Kubernetes clusters to your AWS GovCloud account. To get started with AWS GovClud and Palette, use the following steps.
```
The current paragraph form uses awkward language and is confusing to read. Keep things simple.

>  To deploy the AWS US Gov Clusters in the Palette Platform, having the AWS US Gov Cloud Account registered to the Palette Platform is a significant prerequisite. This section guides you on creating an AWS US Gov cloud account in the Palette console.

Reviewer: Replace first sentence with a Prerequisite section that lists 'AWS US Gov Cloud Account registered to the Palette Platform' as the prerequisite.

> To create an AWS US Gov cloud account using access credentials follow the steps below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
We can remove this sentence.

> 1. In the AWS console, create the [four policies listed](/clusters/public-cloud/aws#awscloudaccountpermissions). Assign this role to the root user or the IAM user to be used from Palette.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the AWS console, create the following four policies. You can find the IAM policy JSON for each policy in the [AWS Cloud Account Permissions](/clusters/public-cloud/aws#awscloudaccountpermissions) section. 
 - Controller Policy
 - Control Plane Policy
 -  Nodes Policy
 - Deployment Policy
 
 Ensure these policies are applied to the IAM User or IAM Role that Palette will use.
```
This helps clarify what is happening

> 2. Login to Palette console as Tenant Admin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Log in to Palette as a Tenant Admin.

```

> 2. Login to Palette console as Tenant Admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log in to Palette as Tenant Admin.

```

> 3. Go to `Tenant Settings` > `Cloud Accounts` and click `+Add AWS Account`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Go to **Tenant Settings** > **Cloud Accounts** and click  on **+Add AWS Account**.

```

> 4. In the cloud account creation wizard give the following information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. In the cloud account creation wizard, provide the following information:

```

>    * **Account Name:** Custom name for the Cloud Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Account Name:** Custom name for the cloud account.

```

   * **Description:** Optional description for the cloud account.

>    * **Partition:** Choose **AWS Gov Cloud** from the drop down-menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Partition:** Choose **AWS Gov Cloud** from the drop-down menu.

```

   * **Credentials:**

>        * AWS Access key
>        * AWS Secret access key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       * AWS access key
       * AWS secret access key

```

> 5. Click **Validate** button to validate the credentials, once the credentials are validated, a toggle button appears as `Add IAM Policies`, once the option is toggled, a `dropdown appears` listing all the policies attached in the AWS console. User can make the choice of policies from the dropdown and attach it to the cloud account being created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Click on the **Validate** button to validate the credentials.  Once the credentials are validated, a toggle button appears as **Add IAM Policies**. 

 6. Toggle the button to add IAM policies. Add the required IAM policies you previously created. 
```
Step five is packed with multiple actions, break out each step into its own bullet.
